I would say silver taps would be profitable. The
strongest and along with that is musket. I think
those are probably the two strongest. Here in
Albuquerque, we have a big musket coming out every
year. I think for the non-Aggie,
it's something that's a very special tradition.
Bonfire. I think that there's... such a feeling
that
Our view.
This camp. This camp was not. I went, but I don't
recall it being. Y'all practice. Y'all practice.
Football games. Football games and falling out
before the game. As I tell people, when you're
standing there And you've seen all the outfits
fall out. And then now, of course, you've got the
cannon back then. But then you hear the cannon and
all of a sudden the band starts playing there by
Duncan. There's no experience I can think of any
place that can come close to that. And
commencement? Commencement? Probably not so
much. I mean, getting commissions and everything
was, put
all these then together what is it about those that
contribute to the creation of this Aggie spirit
I think it's a uh...
uh...
emotional, and I think it's all of those things put
together. It's having known that everybody has
gone through that. And what's particularly, I
think, gratifying
And in all of these, do you agree with me, it didn't
matter where you grew up, how much income your
family produced, where you worshipped or whether
you worshipped, what your major was, none of those
mattered. It didn't matter. It was inclusive.
It's still that way. I mean, if somebody calls me up
and they're an Aggie and they need help with this or
with that, you know, you don't even ask those
questions. And just today I was looking on the, one
of the websites and one of the bulletin boards, and
they have a memorial service in Austin tonight. A
guy posted a bulletin board, if anybody needs a
place to stay, I've got a big old house, I'm by
myself, bring your blanket and your pillow, and
you're more than welcome to stay at my house.
There's so many places. And it's hard to describe,
even with this whole tragedy, it's been hard to
describe to other people why it's affected that
way. All right, let's talk about bonfire in your
years. Did you work on the bonfire? Do you remember
where the cutting area was? Did you go out and help
cut? Oh, yeah. And back then, it was probably on the
south side of the campus. Behind Duncan. As I
recall, it seemed like the one in 69 was the one with
the collar. I think you're right. When they
stopped and capped it. Because they were
concerned about the danger. And
did you put in some long hours on the bonfire? Long
hours. Do you remember any injuries during your
years? And as I recall, there was very... safety
conscious. You know, some of the, you know, this
year, it's not that much fun. You're really doing a
lot of the grunt work. But, I mean, that really is,
that's a whole, just a whole script. I mean,
there's something. Words can't describe, after
all the work and effort you put into it, and the,
again, the camaraderie that develops as you're
doing that, the feeling when you see that response
like that. let's see were there any black students
in your core outfit and did you have any were you
aware of any negative incidents involving black
students
we're getting near the end of this let's see we
talked about what creates Aggie spirit
As you look back, what did it mean to you? What has it
meant to your life that you went to Texas A&M?
I
don't know. It's hard to describe that ongoing
spirit.
But I
think there's
just a lot of pride that
goes into being associated with a school like
that, and seeing those traditions continue. It's
a proud moment when I was watching something on CNN
the other day, and they were interviewing this
young lady, and again, coming from the
environment where there weren't a lot of female
students there. And seeing a young lady, probably
class of 2000, 2001, very eloquently describing
what that spirit was all about. And in fact, when
the interviewer kept trying to get her to say
something bad, that made me feel good because it
was like the younger generation had the same
respect for the tradition.
I was
very disappointed. My son couldn't get in
there. He actually grew up in Colorado with my
ex-wife, and so coming in as an out-of-state
student was very difficult. And looking at a lot of
my friends' kids now, and they've just gotten out
of it, and I feel bad that he wasn't able to have that
experience. And actually, it's been
interesting, because I've seen his experience at
the New York
right
now
this question is partly repetitive what did you
learn at A&M that's been significant in your years
after graduation I think
I was
not a very disciplined person
before I came. I
think it taught me a lot of disciplined things to
learn about yourself. I truly think that a lot of
those things helped me significantly as I went out
in the business world. The way you treat other
people. A lot of the I don't think there's
any question that's
had a huge impact.
I think
actually, I think this may have been one
that I've seen where he talks about that.
...
... ...
... ... ... Okay, there's three more points. First
of those is let's make believe somebody walked in
tomorrow and gave you a check for a million dollars
cash with one restriction. You must give it to
Texas A&M. Of what use would you want them to make
that money? What would you want? If you could give a
million dollars to A&M, what would you want done
with it?
Oh, I
would probably,
that's a great question. I would probably split a
lot out of that amongst, I think a part of the
athletic department, you know?
What
would you want them to spend it on? Probably on the
scholarship.
Rather than bricks and mortar, I think I'd rather
see more kids be able to go and attend I'm on your
side. Okay, next to last is a request from me. If you
ever have any Aggie memorabilia, letters,
documents, photos, or anything that you would be
willing to part with, please put them in the A&M
archives because then they would be preserved.
Otherwise, they might get lost. And we will never
have enough of that. And if we can get a large body of
that material collected, then at some future
date, we will have then a treasure that someone can
explore and try to interpret as well as they can to
help explain what this Aggie spirit. So what types
of things are the letters and things? uh
memorabilia if you had some some souvenirs or
anything like that
like one of the things that our son steve has that i
want him sometime to pass on a lady gave him the
tunic I think it was her great uncle who was one of
the students that captured a longhorn that didn't
have a name and branded it 13 to nothing. I think
that tunic would probably be a special. He was one
of those students. Okay, the last question. What
feelings do you hold for Texas A&M in your heart
now? now being postponed for just a few. You
interpret it any way you
want. It's hard to I wouldn't have wanted to have
gone any
other place.
Better place that a parent could
send their child not only to the
academic portion of it, but mostly the learning
experiences and the traditional. It's almost
like any other university, there's, you know, you
get the education part of it, but it ain't in the
education part, you know. The aggie part of this
here is not enough. and you know now
I've been around the
University of Oklahoma with my son, and certainly
since we've been here we're very active with the
University of New Mexico, but it's, there's a
feeling of contempt, there's no contempt, and I
think it really comes down to the tradition that,
you know, it's so good. A friend told me, and I don't
know
And this friend of mine was
very close to George, but then was very close to, I
guess, George's white man, you know, Professor
George. And he came up in a train trip when they
first dedicated the library. And so they were
riding back, and my friend asked President Bush's
friend, why do you think George decided to go to the
library there?
All right.